Version 0.3.8 Alpha - 2014.12.10
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
#. Fixed a bug in which ANTS registration transforms were applied in the wrong order.

#. "Treatment" coding has been enabled as an option in the Group Analysis Model Builder.

#. Resolved several errors effecting warping Dual Regression outputs to standard space.

#. SCA correlation maps now written out into 4D file instead of being stored into a 5D file (with the 4-dimension being a singleton).

#. Fixed a bug in compCor nuisance regression in which WM and CSF time-series were not variance normalized, as implemented by the original paper.

#. Updated the cpac_run.py script available in the scripts directory in order to reflect changes in how CPAC is run, update documentation, and enable users to invoke custom installs of Nipype and CPAC.

#. Several GUI error fixes and improvements:
    - Introduced more descriptive error messages if the subject list is formatted or entered incorrectly.
    - Fixed an issue with input checking in the pipeline configuration editor.
    - Fixed an issue where saving an edited pipeline configuration file would require the user to re-load the file onto the pipeline list.

#. Developer tools: Created a unit test created for the Network Centrality workflow.


Instructions for Updating to 0.3.8
``````````````````````````````````
#. Download and install the Nipype version 0.10.0, tested to work with CPAC 0.3.8, from `Github <https://github.com/nipy/nipype/releases/tag/0.10.0>`__.

#. Download the new version from `Github <https://github.com/FCP-INDI/C-PAC>`__ or the `CPAC homepage <http://fcp-indi.github.io.>`__.

#. Replace the old CPAC directory with the new files and then run ``sudo python setup.py install``.
