Version 1.0.2 Beta - 2017.11.03
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

#. CPAC now offers De-Spiking as an option in nuisance regression, which regresses out the impact of motion-induced artifacts from the functional timeseries from volumes exhibiting motion greater than a specified threshold, without removing those volumes.

#. Users can now select which Framewise Displacement (FD) calculation to use (Jenkinson's or Power's) when applying the motion threshold for either Scrubbing or De-Spiking.

#. Scrubbing has been moved to the Nuisance Regression tab in the GUI's pipeline configuration editor. The pipeline configuration YAML keys have changed for scrubbing settings. See the `User Guide Nuisance Regression page <http://fcp-indi.github.io/docs/user/nuisance.html#configuration-without-the-gui>`__ and the `sample pipeline configuration file <https://github.com/FCP-INDI/C-PAC/blob/v1.5.0/configs/pipeline_config.yml#L335>`__ for more details.

#. Re-introduced the ability to stop pipeline runs easily from the GUI.

#. Fixed a bug in the data configuration (subject list) builder that would cause non-NIfTI files to be included if the user did not explicitly define the file extension in the file template.

#. Fixed a bug in the data configuration (subject list) builder where some fields would not get populated when re-loading the settings in the GUI.

#. Added better error-catching and messages in nuisance regression which warn the user if nuisance parameters are too stringent for the regression to complete properly.
