Version 1.1.0 Beta - 2018.05.15
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

**New Features**

* **The Visual Data Quality Control Interface is back!** The QC interface provides HTML pages for each participant, scan, and preprocessing strategy featuring montage images of various preprocessing, analysis, and head motion images, graphs, and histograms. You can use these for a quick glance of your results.
* **FSL FEAT Group-Level Analysis Presets.** A new addition to C-PAC’s group-level analysis model builder that allows you to setup group-level models specified in the FSL User Guide with little effort. The preset generator allows you to select from a few commonly-used FEAT model configurations. The first six model types are in and more to come! :doc:`More details here. </user/group_analysis>`
* **Automated Anatomical Scan Selection (for Multisession datasets).** If using a dataset that features multiple anatomical/structural scans per participant, you can now configure the data configuration builder to automatically select which anatomical file to use in your pre-processing run. :doc:`More details here. </user/subject_list_config>`

**Improvements**

* **Leaner and Cleaner Output Directories.** The layout of the output directory has been made cleaner and easier to navigate. Many of the usual outputs written to the output directory by default are now optional, saving disk space as well. There are new options in the pipeline configuration enabling you to select which additional outputs should be included in the output directory. Again, see the User Guide for more information on this change.

**General Remarks**

* The data configuration YAML file format has been modified to feature deeper nesting of functional-related files (such as scan parameter files or field map files). Note, data configuration files from versions prior to v1.1.0 will not work with C-PAC v1.1.0 or later - you can use any already-existing data settings YAML files to regenerate these. See the User Guide for more information, or feel free to contact us if any assistance is needed. :doc:`More details here. </user/subject_list_config>`

**Error Fixes**

* The z-stat output files of group-level analysis are now labeled after the contrast names provided by the user during the group model creation process.

**Coming Soon (Releases 1.2 and 1.3 this summer)**

* Multivariate Distance Matrix Regression (MDMR)
* Bootstrap Analysis for Stable Cluster (BASC)
* More FSL Group-Level Analysis presets
* Expanded range of skull stripping options
* Expanded nuisance regression options
