..
   The headings level starts at - here because this page is included under a ^ in docs/_sources/user/help

Freesurfer-based pipeline hangs if ``recon-all`` and ABCD surface post-processing are run in the same pipeline
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


See issue :issue:`2104` for the latest developments on this issue.

When running both ``recon-all`` within C-PAC via Nipype and the ABCD surface post-processing workflow, 

.. code-block:: yaml

    # PREPROCESSING
    # -------------
    surface_analysis:

      # Will run Freesurfer for surface-based analysis. Will output traditional Freesurfer derivatives.
      # If you wish to employ Freesurfer outputs for brain masking or tissue segmentation in the voxel-based pipeline,
      # select those 'Freesurfer-' labeled options further below in anatomical_preproc.
      freesurfer:
        run_reconall: On

      # Run ABCD-HCP post FreeSurfer and fMRISurface pipeline
      post_freesurfer:
        run: On

the pipeline tends to hang roughly around the timeseries warp-to-template part of the pipeline, although the warp-to-template portion seems unrelated to the stall.

(The stall always happens with one of the abcd timeseries warp-to-template nodeblock's nodes being listed in the pypeline.log as the last to complete - and when you search the working directory, often ANTs registration never even started.)

However, post-proc runs well on its own. It's the combination.

Workarounds
***********

Preferred
#########

Running FreeSurfer ``recon-all`` first and ingressing its outputs, which is now our recommended usage, doesn't hit this problem.

Alternative
###########

Running it normally, hitting a stall, and simply restarting the pipeline run also gets past it. That is, cancelling the stalled pipeline, and then re-starting it as-is via warm restart (if the Nipype working directory remains).

Planned resolution
##################

- Removing FreeSurfer ``recon-all`` as a workflow within C-PAC, instead requiring its outputs as input data for configurations that involve surface analysis.
